[music]
>> Good morning, everyone. I'm Andrew here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man.
And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to [music] the open of
markets in the greater China region. Our
top stories, Asian stocks fluctuating
after the [music] S&P 500 climbed to a
fresh record. Brent's back above $100 on
the [music] standoff between the US and
Iran in the Strait of Hormuz. Alibaba
and Tencent in [music] focus at the open
on reports they're planning to invest in
Deep Seek, valuing the Chinese [music]
AI startup at more than $20 billion.
Also on the program, [music] SK Hynix
says it's raising capital spending this
year to take advantage [music] of
elevated memory prices that sent
quarterly profits soaring to a record.
And we'll hear [music] exclusively from
the head of EV battery maker Guoxuan
about competition [music] with industry
leader CATL and its expansion plans
overseas.
Well, April, I thought we were going to
start off the show talking about the
fact that we're still kind of in a
standstill in this Iran situation. No
war, no peace deal either. Strait of
Hormuz remains blockaded in some ways.
Uh but then again, the last couple
minutes we started to see oil prices
spike up out of nowhere. We're still
trying to figure out what's really
happening, but just goes to show how
sensitive markets still are on any sort
of news when it comes to Iran.
Yeah, absolutely. At the time where the
Strait is still double blockaded,
there's not energy shipments that's
transiting the waterway. We've also had
other developments in the war, including
how the US Navy chief is stepping down.
I think this is the second highest
profile departure that we've been seeing
from the Pentagon since the war began.
And of course it's also about this
earnings focus as well, right Yvonne? As
we got the SK Hynix numbers really
knocking things out of the park when it
came to the profit surge, but we also
digesting what we got from Tesla, Texas
Instruments as well. Let's take a quick
look at the market action with Brent as
you said climbing back above the 100
level. We are seeing a gain for the
fourth session and just a reminder that
this week we started at around the 95
handle. We are seeing interestingly the
dollar index pulling back slightly. S&P
500 futures also sitting under pressure
by a touch at a time when of course we
had been digesting some of the
performances overnight including on the
chip related stocks. Don't forget how
the semiconductor gauge gained for I
think it was like a 16 straight session.
So very much earnings focus and take a
look at what we're seeing in the Asia
Pacific as well, not just on the SK
Hynix earnings and the idea that that is
propelling the Kospi towards the
outperformance as you can see on the
screens, but note how the TAIEX
yesterday also outperformed in the
region and it wasn't from TSMC the
biggest boost actually came from
MediaTek. So we're going to continue
watching how that plays out in the stock
at the time when investors are perhaps
weighing out how this fabulous chip
company is playing into Google's TPU
plan. And of course as we digest Tesla
earnings we're going to be keeping track
of CATL Tesla's supplier in China. Let's
take a look at how Chinese uh
futures are shaping up on a day where we
will be tracking Baba, Tencent of course
on the back of that news related to
investments into deep seek. Big picture
keep in mind as well that we have been
seeing signs of the national team
stepping back. Dollar China hovering
steady at the 683 handle. Yvonne?
Yeah, I mean CSI 300 reached a 4-year
high yesterday, right? On the back of
the stability that we're seeing the
currency, this deep tech sort of trade
that continues in the mainland as well.
So, yeah, still we're showing some
resilience in this Chinese market. Uh
let's not get to the latest now when it
comes to the US and Iran. They still
remain locked in a battle for control of
the Strait of Hormuz after failing to
meet for fresh round of peace talks.
The president has not set a deadline
himself. Ultimately, he will dictate the
timetable. Uh and again, he is satisfied
with the naval blockade. Uh and he
understands that Iran is in a very weak
position and the cards are in President
Trump's hands right now.
The standoff comes as Iranian gunboats
fired on commercial ships in the Strait
of Hormuz. You're looking at a live map
from Marine Traffic showing how the
waterway is essentially closed for
business at the moment, Yvonne.
Yeah, let's bring in our Bloomberg
Economics senior geo-economics analyst
Adam Ferrar. He joins us now. Adam, I
mean, the market jumped just a bit.
We're easing off now when it comes to
oil prices on you know, these unverified
reports of of maybe something. What do
we know? What are you hearing in terms
of is there possible re-escalation
that's going on or not?
So, you know, we're all trying to parse
the data moment by moment. And the
reality right now is that there's lots
of things to be concerned about. You
just went through it, right? We have
double blockade of the Strait of Hormuz
with the United States continuing its
blockade of Iranian ports and Iran in
retaliation continuing to stop the flow
of energy out of the region. And right
now, you know, we saw significant
escalation in the last 48 hours with the
United States seizing multiple Iranian
vessels, including firing on one vessel
over the weekend. And then Iran
demonstrating its continued capability
despite assurances or claims in the
United States that the navy had been
destroyed, uh
several vessels that were attempting to
cross out of the
uh out of the gulf
yesterday and and damaging them and
forcing them back and and also
supposedly seizing some of those
vessels.
Adam, I know you've also been doing a
lot of analysis on the idea that China
is unlikely to be directly supplying
weaponry to Iran amidst the conflict.
What is the calculus for Beijing at this
stage, especially when we see how trade
flows it's a lot more to do with its
connections with the Gulf nations than
with Iran per se?
Yeah, that's that's exactly right. I
think China remains deeply concerned
about the the situation in the region
you know being exposed to significantly
to energy exports from the Gulf and
Iran, but at the same time they have to
walk a very careful path as they try and
support or or at least give rhetorical
support to Iran
while recognizing that the Gulf partners
really are the the bigger strategic
concern for Beijing in you know looking
at a trade data the trade between China
and the Gulf just dwarfs anything that
you could see on Iran is some something
in the matter of five times larger. And
so that that limits what Iran can do
politically to support the country while
it's at war. You know, we did see the
president refer to some gift from China
that he seemed to be alluding for that
was on one of the vessels that the
United States seized over the weekend.
It's unclear what he was talking about
specifically, but he may have been
referring to some dual use goods that
that were coming from China. They could
have supported Iran's war effort.
And and how do you see this I mean yeah,
it was interesting but that that led to
a lot of speculation of what exactly was
on that like vessel Adam, but you
mentioned about
the Beijing's approach to supporting
Tehran is really harkens back to what
happened during the Russian invasion of
Ukraine in 2020 where China essentially
didn't really do much vocally in terms
of being that that peace or or a voice
of stability. I'm just wondering
can you put can you square those two and
really how the approaches differ and how
they are similar in some ways, too?
So, I I think the top line is that
they're quite similar, right? The the
war here obviously is in an earlier
phase, but overall Beijing is not
interested in being directly involved in
the conflict and is cognizant of what it
looks like and how they're supporting or
not supporting either country and and
the impact it could have on its
relations globally. So, in the case of
Russia, we didn't see Beijing step in
with arms or troops, but rather continue
and actually significantly expand its
export of dual-use goods like
electronics and other critical
components that have been essential to
Russia's war effort over the last
several years. And here is what we
expect as well for for Iran. The
Beijing has been a key supplier of
goods that that make up the Shahed
drones that Iran uses along with some of
the chemicals that are essential to the
rocket engines for Iran's ballistic
missiles. And we know from a variety of
different reports that some of that has
continued during the conflict and may
have been involved on this vessel. So,
that all puts us in a in a place where
Beijing walks in a bit of a gray zone.
It's it's unable to fully vocally
support Iran. It doesn't really want to,
but it also wants to maintain its
strategic relationship and continue to
sell goods and maintain access to Iran's
oil.
Adam, it's great to have you. Thanks for
joining us. Adam Ferrara there, our
Bloomberg Economics geo-economics
analyst here and and joining us from DC.
We're taking a look at when it comes to
markets, right? It was initial sort of a
a pop in Brent as you may call it.
Things are easing up a little bit, but
certainly there was some chatter about
you know, what exactly is going on in
terms of the military operations and
what we've heard on social media. Here
to kind of help break up the sentence
what's what's on and and really just the
noise. Let's bring in David Savage, our
macro strategist for M Life. He's here
with me. Um yeah, so it was quickly saw
Brent pop up to 106. We come back down
now, but it just shows how much angst
there still is when it comes to this
war. Yeah, absolutely. And I think
it it it shows that stocks aren't immune
to the conflict in Iran. And I think,
you know, it's easy to look at the index
level, you know, KOSPI's at record highs
again, and say, you know, markets are
just completely ignoring the conflict. I
think if you look at dispersion within
equities, uh and and really that, you
know, it's an earning story on the tech
side, but if you look at in terms of
performance uh divergence, it you know,
I I don't think markets are completely
ignoring it, right? So, coming in today,
if you look at the MSCI Asia Pacific
Index, the only sector that was positive
since the conflict began was tech
stocks, right? If you look at consumer
discretionary, they're still down 8%,
right? So, I think that's showing that,
you know, some of these growth impacts
from higher energy prices, higher
commodity prices might take time, but
it's really going to lay on, you know,
consumer-oriented uh equities and and
and local growth. And this tech story,
you know, is really driven by um
you know, the capex spending, which is a
global story, and, you know, that's
really still intact.
David, to your point about the tech
dispersion, what else are investors
looking at? Deep tech, perhaps, or, you
know, other places in the AI hardware
stack that have been a bit overlooked
for the moment?
Yeah, I I mean, I think
what what's interesting in terms of the
earnings, I mean, it's easy to say
earnings have been been strong, but, you
know, it's early days in terms of the
MSCI uh Asia Pacific Index. If you look
there, I think only about 11% of
companies have reported, but we're
talking about aggregate year-over-year
earnings growth of over 160%, right? And
most of that is being driven by by tech.
Uh and and so, obviously, here in Asia,
you know, the hardware giants that are,
you know, really the net beneficiaries
of this huge global acceleration in
capex spending. So, you know, Samsung,
SK Hynix, which we saw in terms of the
earnings beat today, you know, those are
are really the ones that are carrying
the benchmark higher. So, so I think
that's really where where investors
continue to put put their focus. And a
lot of that's been sort of supported now
on local currencies as well. You've been
writing about this on the blog. Which is
a bit of a shift um here. What what what
are we seeing in terms of Asia effects
now? Yeah, I I I mean I think in
month-to-date, you know, Asian
currencies have have done, you know,
much better against the dollar. And I
think that's really important because
what we saw in March, it was a really,
you know, problematic uh
dilemma where you had, you know, higher
oil prices driving higher um higher
dollar. And then of course higher bond
yields. And all of that was a pretty
punishing uh backdrop for Asian
equities. And so now we've seen that,
you know, the dollar's kind of come off
a bit. You know, we've seen the Korean
won do better, Taiwanese dollar. And and
what that means is it provides a lot
more flexibility, you know, for for
policy makers. So, rate expectations
have come back quite a bit. And what
that means is is, you know,
equities are no longer facing the
dilemma of, okay, you have higher energy
prices, higher input prices, but now
you're also potentially having, you
know, much tighter financial conditions.
So, as that's kind of come back, you
know, I think that's been supportive for
for equities as well. All right, David.
Thank you, David Savage there, our M
Live macro strategist joining us here in
Hong Kong. And still ahead, we'll be
assessing China's role in ending the
US-Iran conflict ahead [music] of next
month's Trump-Xi summit with the former
US Chamber of Commerce Executive Vice
President Myron Brilliant. [music] This
is Bloomberg. We're also counting down
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. Futures are looking like
this here this morning, you know, as
David just mentioned, [music] the tech
trade is still very much on despite that
little whipsaw we saw in oil prices here
this morning. But yes, we are seeing
futures slightly to the downside here
today [music] in China. This is the
China Show.
More of the US-Iran war now with [music]
the US Central Command says it has
directed 31 vessels to turn around or
return to port as part of its blockade
of the Strait of Hormuz. Now, President
Trump earlier this week said the US had
intercepted a ship in the Strait that
had what he called a gift for Iran from
China. He didn't give much other
details.
Yeah, for more on China's role in the
Iran war, our chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Engle is in
Beijing with our next guest. Steve?
That's right. My guest here this morning
is Myron Brilliant. He is a senior
counselor with the DJA Group and also
the former executive vice president of
the US Chamber of Commerce. We've talked
a number of years. You've been coming
back to China a number of times. And
this time you had some senior government
official meetings including Monday and
also through yesterday including with
the big trade negotiator of China He
Lifeng. What was your key takeaway
in these audiences with senior leaders
here in China amid the stresses of the
war in Iran?
Stephen, it's great to be back in China.
It's always a place where I learn and
understand what to thinking of the
Chinese leadership.
What I would say that the meetings here,
I was trying to understand what they're
trying to accomplish both in the summit
between President Xi and President Trump
which we hope will take place in
mid-May. But what's their long-term
philosophy in terms of engagement with
United States? They're trying to figure
it out. Honestly, they're trying to
manage differences and and stabilize the
relationship in this period. But I'm
trying to figure out are there areas of
cooperation that China and United States
can work on. It's not easy. This is the
most complicated marriage I say in on
the planet and each side is somewhat
dependent on each other, but each side
is also trying to de-risk from each
other. How much has the commercial
relationship
been damaged by the geopolitical tension
and the levers of power have sort of
shifted in different directions with
through the trade war last year China
came up with new levers whether it was
the rare earths which they still have
leverage and also magnets and the like.
While the US tried to use export
controls and the like. How has that
damaged the commercial relationship?
>> Well, the geopolitical environment and
the conflict in in the Middle East
certainly has an impact on the timing of
the visit between President Xi and
President Trump. Certainly, there are
questions and and concerns on the US
side about what is China's involvement?
Is it
conductive conducive to helping resolve
the issues in the Middle East or is it
actually fueling the fire? So, those
issues are out there, but the reality is
I think that the negotiators who are
engaged on the commercial side, their
biggest concern is how do you balance
national security and legitimate
commercial issues? They want to see that
the United States and China can have
more predictability, more guardrails.
So, whether we're dealing with export
controls or supply chain issues or
whether we're dealing with critical
minerals, each side thinks they have
levers and the question is can they
recognize that you know, we can't
decouple completely from each other.
Like we can do it on weekends, but we
also have to continue to find ways to
engage. And it's so yes, geopolitical
tensions have an issue, but I think
there's also just the reality of you
know, how do you manage the economic
relationship? What's the framework?
>> were obviously meeting with them to kind
of read the tea leaves as well as them
trying to figure out from you in in sort
of a back channel where you're not part
of the government, but you're trying to
figure out what the deliverables
possibly could be for a Trump-Xi summit.
Uh and in that in the second vein of
that question is
is it worthwhile for this summit to go
ahead when there is still so much
uncertainty in the Middle East? The
Strait of Hormuz is still blocked. Uh
there's no clear exit plan in the Middle
East, and
Trump and Xi could end up with no wins
for either side. Well, if there no
deliverables, then you're speaking
clearly to a
failed summit. But President Trump and
President Xi have personal diplomacy,
and they're putting a lot of stake in
that. The only problem with that is that
doesn't uh give us a lot of time, right?
I mean, it's great that the two
presidents are talking about two summits
this uh year, one coming up potentially
in May, one coming up in the fall when
President Xi would visit the United
States presumably. But if we don't have
deliverables, right? That go beyond
transactions, right? They're talking
about more sales, which is good. They're
talking about progress on fentanyl.
They're talking about how to put
together a mechanism, maybe a board of
trade. But there's still differences,
and there's still actions being
undertaken in China and in the United
States which are undermining
confidence-building measures. So, every
step forward has a step to side or a
step backwards. And they've got to
figure out how to stabilize this
relationship at this time. It's too
consequential not to have the leaders
meet, not to uh really impose some new
disciplines and new mechanisms for
engagement. But the dialogues have
really really uh gotten weaker in the
past few years. And Xi Jinping has been
a little bit more outspoken in the last
few days about the war in Iran. Um
did the leaders that you spoke with,
whether it was He Lifeng or Wang Wentao,
the commerce
uh secretary minister, did they give any
indication
whether China is starting to lose some
patience as far as what's happening in
the Middle East.
>> Look, I think it's safe to say that
Chinese officials are
frustrated with the lack of progress and
clarity about
the summit discussions, about the
framework, about even issues like the
board of trade. But we have frustrations
on the US side as well, right? We have a
high trade deficit with China, we have
structural imbalances that we need to
get at, and we do have systemic risk in
the relationship. So both sides can
point to that. There is some frustration
here. I heard that in the meetings.
There is clearly unpredictability about
the president. They think that the
president wants a relationship with Xi
Jinping, but what happens the day after?
They have a summit, they announce some
deliverables, and then what happens the
day after? Does the United States
continue certain
patterns of taking actions on supply
chains, on export controls? Taiwan. On
Taiwan, let's put that out there as
well. And these are sensitive areas, and
China and the United States got to have
a conversation about those issues.
>> How much was energy talked about because
China has built a lot of resilience into
their economy, but again, the reserves
will only last so long. They've built,
you know, over the last several decades
a lot of resilience into renewables,
whether it's wind, solar, and the like,
but they must be also getting frustrated
that they're going to be facing the
energy shock as well. While they
highlight again their EVs starting
tomorrow at the Beijing Auto Show.
>> Right. Well, of course,
China is diversifying, right? They're
investing a lot in renewables, they're
doing a lot in clean tech. You could
argue they've gotten ahead of the United
States in that space, and we are playing
catch-up to China. Another, I mean,
energy security was discussed, and
certainly the questions about the
straits and whether trade could pursue
in this period of time. There's a lot of
uncertainty because even if you have a
ceasefire that holds, it's going to take
months for things to really resume in
the way that we're used to on commerce.
So, I think they're trying to de-risk
from that by diversifying to other
sources, whether it's fossil fuels, but
they're also investing a lot, right, in
clean tech energy, in solar and panels,
and things like that. That's going to
continue. China sees it
in its own self-interest to do that. We
have to figure out can we cooperate on
energy security? Can we cooperate on
energy? We can sell more gas to them.
That's good, but can we do more than
that? The other area that really came up
in my conversations was AI.
And here, we're going to compete like
heck with China, but the question is can
China and the United States think about
the governance? Can they think about the
stability around these issues? Can they
think about security? Each has concerns
around cybersecurity. And so, this is an
area that China wants to probe with the
United States. The question is are we
going to be able to get some framework
around that? There's a devil in live
interviews as they run short, obviously,
but very quickly, is the summit going to
happen, yes or no? I think it does
happen.
>> Okay.
Myron Brilliant, thanks so much for your
time on Bloomberg.
>> All right, guys, back to you.
Steve, thank you. Our very own Stephen
Engle with Myron Brilliant, senior
counselor at DJA Group, also former
executive vice president at [music] the
US Chamber of Commerce.
And we're also counting down to the open
of trade in the greater China [music]
region. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're counting down [music] to the
open of markets, and of course, on top
of watching these developments in the
war, and the worries that we [music] saw
a re-escalation, unconfirmed, of course,
and that spike in oil brands towards the
106 handle pulling back now. What we
really focus on today is earnings.
[music] As we saw, SK Hynix knocking
things out of the park. The idea that
[music] basically if you're a memory
player, you can charge what you want.
And, of course, watching some of these
other tech-related investments [music]
and tracking some of the big Chinese
tech names, Baba, Tencent as well,
Yvonne.
Yeah, it's interesting [music] with that
uh report from The Information about how
they're looking into investing into deep
[music] seek. And does that mean that
this company is ready for an IPO? What
does this valuation mean for [music] the
company as we of course wait for that
next model. But this is the open here
right now. I we we were talking about it
as a pretty dull one. Uh given if you
compare to the action that we're seeing
when it comes to Korea, Taiwan, Japan.
Those North Asia benchmarks continuing
to charge on with this AI trade despite
that volatility that we saw we saw in
oil prices which have eased since the
last couple of minutes or so. So, uh you
are still seeing some green on the
board. So, we are adding to this rally
the CSI 300. We're up about 4/10 of 1%.
Uh where we are now in terms of this
this benchmark, we are at uh highs the
highest since January of 2022.
And this is just despite the fact that
we got that national team, you know,
really reducing their holdings of when
it comes to ETFs in the first quarter
here. So, reducing that role in the
market uh it certainly has been a key
theme. But, you know, we still see
equities uh traders continuing to uh
tread on here this morning. Um and it's
really the deep tech names as you were
talking about, right? It's like AI
infrastructure, uh the stability of the
renminbi. You see that here right now uh
today as well. So, Shenzhen continues to
outperform. But today really Shanghai
takes the cake a little bit more. Uh
Shanghai crude also a little bit
elevated by 1% here today. But look at
CATL. After that drop of 5% yesterday uh
on the back of Sinopec uh having their
stake uh in the company, we are back and
seeing a slight rebound here this
morning. But yes, there's not a huge
moves here right now. There's not a
whole lot of conviction. Jiangsu
Hongray, that's one, given that we did
see those earnings out. So, momentum the
first quarter, given some of these
innovative drug growth, that's what the
analysts are saying. So, the stock is up
some 1% in the A-share market. So, there
is some earnings to tell you about as
well on the back of, you know, Tesla.
We'll see how the suppliers are doing,
particularly when it comes to CATL. They
are also one of them. So, maybe that's
why, given that, you know, Tesla did
deliver overnight. HS Tech is doing
another story here. So, today it's more
A versus H where we are seeing the Hang
Seng lower by about half of 1%. HS Tech
seems to be the largest drag here. When
you take a look at within the tech
space, it's it's the big tech like
Tencent, Baidu, Meituan, Xiaomi, all
seeing losses of more than 1%. We'll
talk more about this report from the
information about Deep Seek and what
that means. But, right now, not a whole
lot of optimism around the Hang Seng
sector. In fact, when it comes to the
A-share market as well, you're seeing
some more pronounced moves to the
downside here today. Some of the EV
names like Xpeng, for example, are
lower. Geely also falling more than 3%
ahead of that Beijing Auto Show
tomorrow. In terms of where else you're
seeing those opportunities, we talk
about the AI trade in China. JP Morgan
says when you look at, you know, the
whole spectrum, whether it's the large
tech giants to all the way to the the
small ones like MiniMax and JiPu, they
say these are the ones that they're most
bullish on
after this AI-led rally because what
they're seeing is structural
beneficiaries of this AI adoption cycle
in China. And it's really supported,
they say, by strong token demand,
improving monetization, and domestic
demand for tech workloads. So, that's
the call from JP Morgan there. So,
there you go. Continue to watch that
whole AI trade. Let's talk a little take
a little more about Deep Seek here
because what we heard from the
information, they're saying that Tencent
and Alibaba are in discussions to invest
in Deep Seek at a valuation for the AI
startup north of $20 billion.
For more, let's bring in our China
correspondent, Mimi Lo. She's tracking
all this. So, tell us some more about
the funds that DeepSeek is seeking, and
could this eventually lead to some sort
of IPO? Yeah, so this is according to
the information reporting, and they
previously reported that DeepSeek is
looking to raise $300 million
on a valuation of at least $10 billion.
But, the latest update is they have
pushed up the valuation to $20 billion.
So, that's a significant upgrade. And
just to give you some context, if you
look at G 4 MiniMax, the market cap is
looking at $30 to $50 billion.
Now, as to whether this will eventually
lead to an IPO, if you just watch and
look at some of those old interviews by
Liang Wenfu and some of the sources
close to him, we know that he has
consistently been rebuffing all these
knocks on his doors from investors. He's
been wanting to keep DeepSeek
independent. He's been funding it with a
hedge fund that he started. So, this is
the first time he's seeking funds,
external funds, and it's quite
interesting, right? Perhaps it shows
that maybe DeepSeek's ambitions are far
larger now that perhaps maybe his hedge
fund is not enough to to fully fund the
app, or perhaps maybe they're just not
willing to be the sole funder at this
point in time.
Mimi Lo, it's interesting this is all
coming in the day where we're seeing the
Hang Seng Tech really underperforming.
The idea that, you know, if you're a AI
spender, so to speak, you're on the back
foot. If you're in hardware, that's
great. But, talk to us also about the
strategic role that Tencent and Alibaba
perhaps look to be playing beyond
investment into DeepSeek.
Yeah, we don't have the exact details,
but it's quite interesting, right? Why
would Tencent and Alibaba invest in a
rival? Because they are playing in the
same space. But, it is a bit of a hedge
for them because if DeepSeek
does well, then good for them. If
DeepSeek's technology exceeds their own,
at least they have a part of the pie,
right? Instead of being disrupted and
actually Tencent and Alibaba, it's quite
common for them. They kind of act as a
form of venture capital. Uh Tencent in
particular, they have a track record of
being early investors for some of these
startups and eventually, if they are
successful, they would incorporate it
and integrate it into their WeChat
ecosystem. So, could this be, you know,
the start of something even more
eventually when it comes to knowledge
transfer or licensing deals? Also, bear
in mind that currently Alibaba and
Tencent are already uh clients of
DeepMind in some way because DeepMind is
paying them money to use their cloud
servers. So, it is a win-win if DeepMind
also succeeds, it's going to benefit the
big players as well. Yeah, we've seen it
what it what it did uh last year
already. So, yes, uh certainly it'd be
interesting to see what sort of
collaboration we see with the rest of
the tech space. Mimi Lo, thank you our
China correspondent there on DeepMind.
Uh we're checking Hynix, right, on those
blowout results that we got. We're
talking about a fivefold increase or
jump in quarterly profit. Uh it was a
beat on the street. You're seeing the
stock off some of the initial highs
since things were opening up, but we are
still seeing a gain of about 1%. So,
they are also talking about ramping up
CapEx significantly this year and that's
really amid the surging prices for
memory chips. Let's bring in Sami Char,
Asia equities reporter. She's with us
here right now. So,
tell us what's driving this
extraordinary run for SK. The March
quarter, we are looking at 25.4
uh billion dollars and that's uh the
that's a record for this profit, right?
And they're looking at 100 and um 14
billion for the whole year. And so, the
short answer is AI. But of course, the
engine driving this whole thing is high
bandwidth memory or HBM. And SK Hynix is
the leader in this space. It's the
specialized chips that sit along with
the Nvidia AI accelerators and it's
really needed for inferencing and
training all these AI models. So, and
because your Metas, your Amazons, all
these hyperscalers are spending billions
of dollars on AI infrastructure. The
demand is just insatiable right now. But
then the problem is because there is
that ripple effect, you know, a lot of
these companies like SK Hynix, Samsung,
and Micron, they're actually diverting a
lot of this capacity for this lucrative
HBM. That's why there's that squeeze in
DRAMs and NAND. So that there is that
you know, it's it's getting squeezed
from all sides, all the memories. That's
where we're seeing average selling
prices for DRAM spiked about 60% in the
first quarter alone. So all of these
things are pointing to this massive
standout quarter.
Yeah, the memory price surge is really
helping SK Hynix. Now that we've gotten
earnings, what is the next point of
investor focus? Where are things headed?
Are there any risks on the horizon?
Right. The So the shares are still
holding up very well. It's up as as high
as
as much as 3.6%
and year-to-date it's up about 90%. So
after this really high run-up, you know,
a lot of the investors are still
pointing to, you know, it's cheap
valuations compared to the AI chip names
like TSMC or Nvidia, it's just traded at
six times forward earnings, whereas the
others are way above 20 times. So this
is very good in terms of valuations, but
but then this does point to the problem
that you know, it is still given that
very old-school memory valuations, which
is the boom and bust cycle. So
the investors are not really believing
that the cycle will continue. So what
the bulls are saying is if these
quarters continue, then they will be
given the right valuations. So some of
the key points to watch is the
longer-term contracts. So if these
hyperscalers, let's say sign 18 months
or or even 24 months contract, that That
be a much more relief for these
valuations. And of course but then SK
Hynix
considering that two decades ago, it was
really trying to get out of debts and
then
relying on these bailout money and even
Micron then was
thinking of acquiring the whole firm.
Now it's market cap has been even higher
than that of Micron. Right Sammy, thank
you for breaking us down those earnings
for us here. But yes, SK Hynix that
stock continues to head higher here and
lifting the cost beat once again. We're
we're taking a look at what it comes to
Philippine markets here. We're just 9
minutes into the trade there. Certainly
there's a lot going on given what
happened this week. Fitch cutting its
credit rating outlook of course and then
you have this BSP
decision coming up later on today. We're
seeing pretty flat when it comes to the
P comp here. Some weakness still for the
peso which of course did hit that record
low. Just not too long ago around the
end of March or so. So you know,
obviously there's a lot to deal with
when it comes to BSP. It's an even
split. Take a look at that that pie
chart here of what the economists are
expecting. 15 are saying hold. The rest
say maybe they might hike as they try to
tame price pressures here. Or do they
need to really support the economy? Of
course it's going to be quite an
interesting meeting there April.
Yeah, and we'll continue talking about
earnings as well a bit later. Coming up
after the break Tesla planning to triple
capital spending [music] this year as
Elon Musk accelerates in AI and robotics
push. We'll take a look at what's
driving the shift. This is [music]
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're taking a look at
Tesla's suppliers here and this is what
is going on. It's mostly lower but you
still have the likes of CATL continuing
to outperform here today. Uh, but it was
interesting, right? We saw the
after-hours trade wasn't too optimistic,
but you take a look at what was really
announced. Them revealing plans for a
$25 billion in capital expenditure this
year. That's a $5 billion increase, and
that really came after quarterly
earnings did beat expectations. Let's
bring in Danny Lee, our Asia aviation
and transport reporter. He's with us
here right now. So, you know, the stock
didn't move too much, but what what do
you think Tesla is signaling?
>> here. So, Tesla is really looking to
accelerate its transformation from being
just a core autos EV company into
something that Elon Musk wants, a
robotics leg, AI business. So, this is
all an extra investment he's making this
year, that 25 billion. So, that's
just helping it quickly get to it where
the goal is and the ambitions it wants
to to get to. So,
it told Wall Street, now Elon Musk told
Wall Street to expect significant
capital expenditure this year. So, he's
putting his money where his mouth is,
and after a good set of results in the
first quarter and the second straight
improved quarter,
all that money is going into something
that Tesla really wants to be betting on
in that future, on autonomous tech.
It's interesting, right? Because I think
with what the stock is doing, what Wall
Street analysts were saying was that,
you know, they did expect a big jump in
in in earnings, but they're still
looking for that razzle-dazzle, right?
When you're talking about EVs are
slowing, the AI hype is cooling. They
need something to really justify the
valuations that we still see around this
company. What more do we need to see,
really? Well, I think the fact that the
the EV business is kind of in this
transition, but actually it's improving
now. The fact that sales right here in
Asia
and in South America actually showed the
really good progress, some some strong
results. And then the mature markets,
North America, which obviously saw
a cutback in subsidies, and in Europe
where there has been hostility to Musk's
kind of politics, that also saw a
rebound. So, these are all kind of good
signs when you do have
a kind of difficulty when you think
sales have created the fact that these
kind of sales are coming back and
particularly with oil prices being high,
not a bad bit of momentum to push
yourself through.
Danny, speaking of rebound, Boeing also
seems to be showing some signs of that.
The results overnight, what do they tell
us about the turnaround from some of
these challenges that have been dogging
the plane maker?
Yeah, well but for Boeing, the fact it's
able to have a lower cash burn, much
lower than projected, and its ability to
then
improve that that level of finances,
shore that up, pay down more debt, and
you know, to hit some of these
longer-term goals, particularly to have
3 billion in in cash flow by the end of
this year, it's pretty strong. And the
fact that Boeing has got one eye on next
month when President Xi Jinping and
President Trump meet or are expected to
meet in China, Boeing's CEO, Kevin
McAllister, signaled that there will be
a major, massive order
from China
should the meeting between the two
presidents go well. And he talked of a
big number and
Bloomberg has already reported that this
number could be something like 500
aircraft being ordered by the Chinese
airlines and this could be obviously the
biggest order in many, many years. So,
yeah, watch this space.
Yeah, it could be further fuel as Boeing
tries to turn things around. Danny,
thank you so much. Bloomberg's Asia
aviation and transport reporter, Danny
Lee. Back to the EV sector and Li Zhen,
chairman and founder of Chinese battery
maker Guoxuan Hi-Tech, says he expects
overseas growth to double this year.
Speaking exclusively with Bloomberg, Li
also discussed expanding production in
the US and the impact of the war in
Iran.
Actually, yes, there are some delays.
For example, our exports used to be able
to be shipped across the Mediterranean
Sea, but now we have to go around the
Cape of Good Hope, which definitely adds
about half a month to the transportation
time.
Wars certainly have some negative
impacts on our industrial development.
We hope to end the war as soon as
possible and restore peace. We also hope
that the development of our new energy
industry will gradually reduce or even
eliminate the era of fighting for oil in
the future. So, are you actively seeking
to expand production in the US right
now? Yes. The IRA has come up with
[clears throat] a compliance deadline by
2027 for battery components to be free
of foreign entity of concern. Are your
plans in the US at risk of
non-compliance?
This is an excellent question. Indeed,
with the enactment of this legislation
and other laws in the US, the
requirements for domestic production in
the US are becoming increasingly
stringent. This is understandable. A
country simply wants to build its
domestic supply chain system to ensure
the orderly development of the industry
and support the overall development of
its economy. I think this is perfectly
understandable. Now that we have
established battery manufacturing
companies, meeting this demand 100% is
still very challenging. For example,
there are some materials that the US
cannot yet manufacture, and we still
need the guarantee of the global supply
chain. There may be some increased costs
in terms of taxation, but I believe that
in the future, with the development of
the entire industry, the construction of
the supply chain system, the continuous
expansion of market demand, government
policy support, and considerable
efforts, these problems will be
gradually resolved. What is your
projection for domestic and overseas
demand growth for Goshen this year? Our
growth rate will be 70% higher than last
year. Overseas growth is expected to
double.
Lee Jian, the chairman and founder of
Goshen Hi-Tech there, and we'll have
more in the sector tomorrow when we're
live [music] from the Beijing Auto Show.
Our lineup includes the CEO of Hyundai
Motor, Jose Munoz, and exclusive [music]
interviews with FAW's chief creative
officer,
and the president of Chinese automaker
Seres. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Oracle's SoftBank here this morning is
said to be seeking a $10 billion margin
loan backed by its shares at OpenAI as
it looks to intensify its AI push. The
stock up some 5% in Tokyo here this
morning. Let's bring in our Bloomberg
reporter Trista Shin-ya Lu. She joins us
now with more details. So, tell us a bit
more about this loan and what they're
trying to do here. Yeah, so this loan
will be a two-year margin loan with a
option they can extend by another year.
And you know, SoftBank has been piling
up on debt as its founder, uh you know,
trying to position himself as the
linchpin in the global AI boom. And with
large scale of investment, especially in
ChatGPT maker OpenAI, uh SoftBank has
been, you know, committed additional $30
billion investment
um after, you know, have already
committed far more than that same amount
earlier. And it signed a $40 billion
loan, uh its largest ever lending
facility solely denominated in dollar um
earlier. And also last week it, you
know, raised $3.6 billion
while a multi-part bond deal. Um and
part of the proceeds will be used to
repay a bridge loan tied to, you know,
its AI um investment.
All right, Trista, as you said, SoftBank
is piling up, taking on more debt.
What's next on the margin loan front?
Yeah, for margin loan, I think our team
uh following so close on uh you know,
investors' interest particular because,
you know, back in March uh S&P actually
lower uh its, you know, rating for uh
SoftBank to negative from stable, citing
the danger of its AI investment,
especially on, you know, OpenAI, which
could uh have some kind of, you know,
impact on its uh credit uh you know, uh
quality and also uh the the company's
liquidity. So, I think um it's we will
watch so close about whether uh you
know, they can attract enough investor
interest in this margin loan, and also
uh the final pricing of this loan as
well.
Trista, thank you so much for the latest
on these SoftBank plans, on OpenAI and
on borrowing as well. Bloomberg reporter
Trista Seng Lo for us. Let's take a look
at markets as we track some of these
latest developments related to AI.
Taiwan chip stocks are looking strong
today as Google TPU push and the
earnings optimism from Hynix. Of course,
that's something that's been helping the
memory chip players. There is optimism
across the semiconductor space.
Certainly, it is that divergence
continuing when you're talking hard
versus software. And China has also been
benefiting to some extent from this
theme, domestic preference for local
chips. That's certainly at play,
especially as we're hearing how China's
spy agency seems to be urging scrutiny
of foreign chips. Aside from that, let's
take a look at how the benchmarks are
faring in the region as the Chinese
underperformance
uh is perhaps more pronounced on the
Hang Seng. You are seeing on the
mainland just a touch lower tech. On the
Hang Seng tech, the drags are from the
big tech names. Um you know, investors
seem to be sweeping aside the deep seek
investment. It's really more about how
they're going to have to be spending
more on AI rather than benefiting as
hardware players. That's what's at stake
for Hang Seng tech for the moment,
Yvonne.
Yeah, it's really kind of the hardware
versus software discussion once again
where Hong Kong is struggling a bit
in that trade. And really you're
starting to see Taiwan, Korea, Japan
really continue to fire up here. Coming
up, we're going to talk more with
Goldman Sachs. They're saying that Hong
Kong is set for a record 110 billion
dollars in IPOs and additional financing
[music] this year. More from their China
portfolio strategist Fu in a few
minutes. And later we'll discuss Asia's
energy security [music] strategies with
Manny Jao from BofA Global Research.
Well, a lot more on the way [music] in
the next hour here right now.
A bit of a dispersion once again when it
comes to some of the Asia [music] names
here today. We'll talk you through it in
the next hour. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI here a half hour of the
session and it is looking to be we're
coming off some of the initial lows, but
yeah, still looking like it's struggling
[music] a bit here in terms of
conviction or really upside. We're
talking about 7/10 of 1% down this
morning. Uh you know
what you're seeing in the onshore market
is a little bit better here today, but
certainly it's it's big cap [music] tech
uh in China that seems to be leading
things lower here. Take a look at how H
S Tech uh and what the biggest losers
are. It's it's the likes of the chip
space, the EV space, autos, uh you know,
and the like. So, um certainly maybe
there's just has been this rally, maybe
take a bit of a pause button here after
we did see in fact the CSI 300 uh
yesterday reach those 4-year highs here
on the back of what we have seen, right?
This whole AI trade, the granular AI
trade that continues on here. You have
the stability of the renminbi that is
adding to those equity flows as well.
But Hong Kong struggling a bit here
today. There you go, H S Tech. We are
lower by about 1 and 1/2% or more. Um
that's what's really kind of the biggest
drags here, 5% losses for Huaxing Semi,
for example, and XPeng also falling some
4% as well. Uh we're not no apparent
really big news to really tell you
about, but yes, these moves are
certainly quite pronounced here today.
And maybe it's because the light is
still really being shown on on the North
Asia hardware sort of trade, right? Take
a look at what we're seeing when it
comes to Japan, Korea, and Taiwan here,
where you're starting to see Seoul and
Taipei still look very bright uh in the
face of all the earnings that we got. SK
Hynix there with that fivefold increase
uh in quarterly profit. Uh that jump
certainly is helping the stock here
today. Although we are off some of the
initial highs uh from that results, but
yes, SK Hynix is still helping to lift
the Kospi here this morning up 1.3%.
Japan, though, uh we are coming off some
of the initial highs as well. I want to
bring in Min Min Low, our China
correspondent, who's going to be joining
me here for the next hour as well. But
yeah, we continue to see this tech
dispersion. Uh we had that brief blip in
oil prices this morning that kind of
freaked everybody out, but it seems like
things are easing off a bit now. Yeah, I
mean, if you look at equity markets,
it's really hard to tell that we are
close 2 months into this Iran war now
and still at a blockade. And yes, we did
get that trickle of oil coming through,
breaking through that US blockade, but
still the two sides are still waiting
for each other, right? US waiting for
Iran to come up with a new proposal.
Iran saying they're not willing to go
back to the negotiating table unless US
ends that blockade. So, again, investors
are left holding the bag and figuring
out where this is going to end, but it
looks like the focus now is really
shifting away from that to the earning
season that is underway in the US and in
Asia as well. Yeah, the earning season
going to be interesting, right? When you
take a look at SK Hynix and some of
these chip makers the picks and shovels
continue to see very great big numbers
here in terms of blowout earnings. It's
going to be interesting because next
week is when the hyperscalers in the US
report earnings. And I think you know, a
lot of this rally is going to be very
dependent on really the capex spend on
some of these hyperscalers, too. Yeah,
and already there are all these market
chatter about perhaps South Korea
looking into entering an AI super cycle.
And don't forget we got the South Korea
GDP numbers also today for the first
quarter despite the Iran war hanging
over us. Pretty resilient numbers there
and really boosted by the export numbers
particularly when it comes to chips. And
so, but on the other hand you look at
China, right? And it looks like these
Chinese tech names, especially the Hang
Seng tech, you compare it to the MSCI
Asia Pacific is pretty much left in the
dust in the start of the year. Yeah,
let's bring that question to Sue Fu,
China portfolio strategist at Goldman
Sachs.
You know, it seems like you know, we've
seen resilient markets in China, but the
tech space has been struggling a bit.
You take a look at how Asia's tech is in
some way still in a bear market, but
you're seeing the picks and shovels,
that sort of trade in North Asia still
performing in a really big way. How do
you see this playing out for the rest of
the year?
Yeah, in general we are still
constructive for about China's long-term
like picture, especially the AI continue
being a driver. But in the near term we
are going to see a divergence between
the tech hardware and the software,
between onshore and offshore. The reason
behind that is if we look at the
earnings trend, actually there's a huge
divergence. The Asia earnings have been
revised up over the past months, but
Hong Kong tech and also the general A
shares earnings continue being revised
down. So, I think that's a very
important fundamental reason why we see
such a gap in terms of performance as
well. The other reason is because of the
geopolitical tension, there's also
concerns about potential liquidity shock
coming from the external. So, in that
sense, Hong Kong market is also more
vulnerable
if there's any liquidity shock coming
from the US side or global markets. But
for A shares, the foreign ownership is
only 3.5% and so many investors are
sitting there saying A shares tends to
be more resilient.
What Yeah, I mean, it seems like it
Shenzhen seems to be where a lot of the
action is these days. Mhm. I mean, in
terms of where you see outperformance,
is it Shenzhen, is it Shanghai, is it
Hong Kong? How do you look at it now?
Uh
I think both Shanghai and Shenzhen highs
there unique opportunities, especially
around the AI space, the tech space.
We have seen strong interest still in
the AI supply chain, but at the very
start of this year, a lot of focus is on
semiconductor infrastructure. Now, a lot
of attention is on halo portfolio,
basically some traditional industrial
company which also getting AI exposure
that attracted more attention. So, what
we see is within AI space, there's still
rotation between different small parts,
but overall we think the AI continue
growing in China, including the adoption
of open cloud. Definitely it's driving
demand for upstream sectors as well. So,
we are still quite optimistic about AI
development, but in terms of investment
strategies, that definitely investors
still need to be selective and to keep
tracking the rotation momentum. I'm
wondering about the BAT, right? The big
three, Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, because
in the first quarter we have seen pretty
significant net selling. What would it
take for investors to get back and put
money in these big names again?
Yeah,
I think still investors are concerned
about AI potential disruption risk
similar as the for the US stocks. So
software stocks are generally less
favored globally. It's not only for
China. And the other thing is so far we
still see earnings season under
pressure. Some investors are looking at
the base of last year. Basically the
third quarter, fourth quarter have the
low base. But besides that we also need
to pay attention for sequential moments.
Whether earnings revision coming from
the sell side analyst would be revised
up. After the first quarter earning
season we haven't seen that. But coming
to the second quarter, whether it will
come up, I think that's quite important.
On the other hand we have been seeing a
really strong interest in these smaller
startups, right? With the new IPOs, the
Minima and the Chipoos.
The China X has really been surging
recently, the seven sisters, the Star 50
as well. Can we trust that rally,
especially because they have looser
listing rules as well and many of these
startups are still loss making? Yeah.
First let's start with the listed ones
in Asia market. Why it continue rallying
because we have pretty high visibility
for their revenue growth this year. A
lot of these companies are guiding
aggressive capacity expansion. That
means along the supply chain many of
these companies are having double digit
or even high double digit revenue growth
expected at least for this year for next
year. So that give investor the
confidence to continue chasing the
rally. For new IPOs I think another
feature is many of these names are
unique. Especially like you mentioned
the Minima and Chipoo.
These modeling names are unique in Hong
Kong and it's an important part for for
the AI picture. Yeah, you just came out
with a a big report on this as well. I
mean, after the stellar year that we saw
in Hong Kong, the IPO market really
regaining that top spot, what are your
expectations for this year then?
We see this momentum is even stronger
this year year to date.
Last year Hong Kong have already
reclaimed the number one position in
terms of IPO. We had 119 new companies
listed in the last year. Year to date
we've already got 45, close to half of
last year's number. And in terms of
capital raised, the last year is 36
billion US dollar new capital raised.
Year to date close to 20. And uh for the
full year we expect around 60 billion uh
to be raised in Hong Kong through IPO.
But besides that, we are also expecting
some secondary offering, placement, uh
even issuance of convertible bond uh
driven by strong market momentum.
We have been seeing a lot of these uh
IPOs really driven by secondary listings
of Chinese companies, but I was just
talking to people in industry and I'm
starting to hear that maybe there is
more interest now even from US companies
potentially choosing to list in Hong
Kong. Uh we are seeing a lot of uh
activity in the US as well. Do you see
any spillover effect into Hong Kong?
Uh yeah, uh I think that the market
global markets are connected, especially
sector-wise. Uh we see the performance
tend to correlated. Uh
basically for this cycle, AI is a focus
in both the US market as well as uh Hong
Kong market. So far, if we look look at
the listing pipeline, it's still
dominated by Chinese companies, but
definitely we see Hong Kong as a
connector for high-growth stocks as well
as global capital. So in that sense, we
are definitely expecting more company
interested in listing in Hong Kong, uh
especially the companies who can be
added to Southbound,
that means it I have access to both
global capital as well as China domestic
capital. So, that's the advantage of the
Hong Kong market.
Um
I worry given that the pipeline is so
strong, what do we need to think about
in terms of liquidity? Do you think the
market can actually absorb Yeah.
>> this amount of equity offerings? That's
an important question we got we are
being asked a lot recently. Uh
definitely last year we've already have
a strong year of IPO. This year we
continue expecting as we said around 110
billion US dollar to be raised in Hong
Kong. Uh but looking at the demand the
side,
we think it's even stronger. Our
estimation is there could be around over
400 billion US dollar demand coming from
different type of investors. Uh two
major important parts, one is
corporates. Over the recent years we see
corporates continue raising their
dividend paying as well as buybacks. So,
in that sense we are expecting 180
billion supply to coming from the
corporates. And the other thing is
Southbound flow. Mhm. Uh this year we
are still expecting around 200 billion
net buying coming from Southbound
investors, especially the domestic
insurance companies are continuing
encouraged to raise their equity
allocation. On that side we estimate
there could be around 1 trillion RMB
every year for them to extra allocate
into equities. Uh last year around 1/3
or half of that coming to Hong Kong. So,
that is still a driver. Are you seeing
any shifts in the way retail investors
are participating in the market? And you
mentioned Southbound flows as well
because I was looking at the numbers
actually the first quarter is quite a
slow down, significant slow down from
last year.
>> Yeah.
Uh year to date we have around 30
billion US dollar. For the full year we
forecast 200, so it's slower than our
expectation, but I have to say 30
billion is also a strong number.
Remember, last year we had 180, but
before that, 2024 was the historical
high at that time. For the full year, we
only have 100. So,
so in that sense, I think Southbound is
still healthy. Uh so, still we see solid
demand for high dividend yield stocks,
and a little bit demand for tech stocks
as well. Yeah. Uh but the recent market
weakness, especially global environment,
definitely uh play a role there. So, in
the second half, if we can expect more
fundamental improvement and
stabilization of global environment,
then I think it will again be positive
for Southbound buying. Uh what sectors
are you looking in terms of just like
the IPO moment? Is Is it still going to
be the hard hard tech sort of sectors
that are still going to shine?
I mean, biotech and and pharma has been
very strong as well. You've got to talk
about new consumption, too. What What
sectors do you think are going to drive
this IPO moment?
>> Yeah. Still AI, robotics,
semiconductors, spell tech, uh including
some new consumption stocks.
All these areas account for 60% of the
IPO year-to-date, also 60% in the
pipeline. So, it means we think the
sector concentration will remain high.
And also, if we look at the post-IPO
performance, it's also strong in these
areas.
Yeah. So, that's still the cycle, the
focus of investors.
>> All right, we're still in it in that
cycle. So, we'll thank you. Goldman
Sachs is strategist uh for China
portfolio strategist, I should say, uh
for the bank. Coming up, we're going to
talk about global trade in limbo as the
US and Iran grapple for [music] control
of the Strait of Hormuz, seeking to gain
leverage during an extended ceasefire.
The latest geopolitical and market
impact next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We'll check your oil prices here this
morning. If it was a bit of a blip,
wasn't there? When it came to some
unverified reports of what was really
going on and you know, again, given this
time when we are seeing there's no
really war, there's no really peace
deal, the Strait of Hormuz is still
going through a double blockade. So, any
sort of rumblings does still royal
markets in some ways. We briefly touched
that 106 level for Brent. But yes, as
you can see, we basically have eased off
that from now
because right now we're still in a bit
of limbo, right? The US and Iran remain
locked in a battle for control over the
Strait after failing to meet for a fresh
round of peace talks.
The president has not set a deadline
himself. Ultimately, he will dictate the
timetable. And again, he is satisfied
with the naval blockade and he
understands that Iran is in a very weak
position and the cards are in President
Trump's hands right now.
Let's bring in Bloomberg Horizons Middle
East and Africa anchor Joumanna
Bercetche. She joins us from Dubai.
Joumanna, I remember you posted about
this just yesterday, right? The fact
that there's no war, there's no peace
deal.
There's no movement in the Strait of
Hormuz still. Is this the new normal
now?
Well, it appears to be the case and I
will say it just in the last 24 hours
the focus has entirely shifted to what
is happening around the Strait of
Hormuz. And there were multiple
incidents reported yesterday throughout
the course of days suggesting that as as
it pertains to the Strait, there is no
ceasefire. IRGC reportedly, and this is
according to Iranian media, seizing two
vessels. The Wall Street Journal
actually say that they seized three
vessels.
And they've also been trying to bypass
the US naval blockade according to our
own reporting. Two fully laden Iranian
tankers managed to pass the blockade
this week. Data intelligence firm
Vortexa says that at least 34
Iranian-linked tankers
uh carriers have made it through the
strait since the US blockade was
introduced about 10 days ago. Now, the
US are asserting that that is not true,
and this morning CENTCOM also put up
their own update suggesting that they
had forced 31 vessels to turn around.
And so, what you're getting here is a
lot of narratives about which vessels
are managing to pass through, uh but
clearly the incidents yesterday
underscore the danger, very much so, for
any commercial ships that still want to
get through the strait. And at the same
time, how challenging it is
operationally to navigate through it
safely from one side to the other, which
at the end of the day impedes, you know,
the full return to to to activity. We're
talking about a couple of vessels
passing through the strait a day versus,
you know, 100, 120 that used to pass
through before the war started. One
other thing that I just want to add to
the mix is Washington Post were
reporting yesterday that it's going to
take up to 6 months to clear the strait
of mines. So, even if you have a
resolution tomorrow, it's going to take
months potentially for the uh passageway
there to be completely clear.
Uh and then finally, uh in the last few
hours, we found out that the head of the
US Navy has actually stepped down from
his post over reported disagreements
with the Pentagon. So, there is clearly
a lot of turmoil
uh within the Pentagon, around the US
Navy, around the strait of the the fate
of the straits. Uh and at this point, it
continues to be one of those like um
major points that you need to overcome
in order to proceed to the next round of
negotiations. And at this point, the
Iranian officials are saying as long as
the US naval blockade stays in place,
it's unlikely that there's going to be
another round of talks.
Jomana, I'm Momin here. We did see
earlier this morning in the Asian
session a bit of a pop in oil prices,
and there were some unverified reports
and market chatter about perhaps
potential significant escalation on the
ground. Are you getting any clarity
about what happened earlier today?
Yeah, so what's interesting Minmin is I
think we are in a situation now where as
Yvonne was just describing at the
beginning there are lots of questions
about the sustainability of this
ceasefire and mainly because it is not a
full resolution to the war. It's not of
course a full resumption to hostilities
but in so far as you continue to have
the the questions of disruption around
the streets, you have the Iranians
seizing vessels. That really raises the
temperature and at the same time
President Trump has said that the US
Army is fully locked and loaded and
ready to go. The Iranians are also
saying they're ready for all outcomes
and should there be a return to
hostilities, they are return to they are
ready to return back to the battleground
again.
One other thing to note is we've been
tracking the passageway of US military
assets and those specific aircraft
carriers. Another aircraft carrier is
due to arrive to the region in the next
couple of days which indicates that
perhaps you know with these extra
reinforcements, the option is open for
the US President to open up a new front
in this war and potentially move to
ground combat if they wanted to do so
because those reinforcements are are
arriving in the next couple of days.
Jumana thank you Jumana Berchech there
our Horizons Middle East and Africa
anchor joining us live from Dubai this
morning. Coming up we're talking [music]
commodity and energy prices still
volatile to talk about this stalemate
over US Iran peace talks continue. Mandy
BOV Global Research co-head of China
Equity Research joins us on her outlook
[music] where things are going to be
heading. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we're checking Tesla and of
course suppliers here in the region.
Mostly lower here just giving we did see
of course the shares of Tesla after
hours did drop just a bit despite the
fact that earnings did beat. But really
it was this capex plan of 25 billion
dollars that did was a bit of an
interesting one here. They raised it by
5 billion from the last quarter and
certainly does show they are tilting
towards the whole AI robotics push here.
How they execute it is still the
question mark here today, but you are
seeing some of the suppliers like CATL
slightly falling here today. LG Energy
Solution also falling more than 2% or
more. But yes, this whole capex spend
here does support Musk's ambitions to
transform the EV pioneer into an AI
robotics company. Bloomberg Tech
co-anchor Ed Ludlow reports from New
York.
This is a monster spending commitment
from Tesla. 25 billion dollars of
capital expenditures for 26 and the
reality is that will tip them into
negative free cash flow for the rest of
the year. Last year they spent under 9
billion, the year before it kind of
peaked out at 11.3 billion. But there
are lots of projects in the works that
Tesla is actually now moving. They
decommissioned the Model X and S which
were low volume EVs have dismantled
those lines in Fremont, California in
the Bay Area and are building a 1
million unit per year Optimus humanoid
robot line. A bigger line in Texas is
planned that could do 10 million robots
per year. They are taking this
initiative to build big manufacturing
capacity for chips very seriously. How
that looks in the first instance is
modest. A 3 billion dollar or so
commitment to a research fab which is in
Texas. Tesla takes ownership of that
while the others in the terra fab
initiative space X and X AI take on the
initial phases of the broader thing. You
know, in the quarter gone because it was
the spending commitment that tipped the
shares in after hours, right? Into
negative territory. In the quarter gone,
the word demand was doing a lot of work.
They are seeing a rebound of in demand
across the world, APAC, South America,
but also in Europe and North America
where sales data has been weak and
they've had some help from effects.
They've had some help one-time help from
tariffs and and material cost being low.
That picture's also changing. So, that
the overriding message from Elon Musk is
that they are entering a multi-year
investment cycle. Everyone else is doing
it, talking up CapEx, so why shouldn't
they? And the focus now is that next era
where the spending is justified because
you'll see the revenues, future revenue
streams from robo-taxi, the humanoid
robot Optimus, and other AI initiatives
within the company. This is Ed Ludlow
for Bloomberg News in New York City.
All right, and we're checking out movers
here this morning and Kakaku.com.
This is one that's uh listed in Japan.
Uh surging here this morning on the back
of news, according to our sources, of
EQT is considering a takeover of the
company. So, according to our sources,
as of course we see private equity,
these deals really blooming in Japan
here. So, the stock is up some 9%. Sony
Financial as well, we're seeing the
shares fall after we saw reports of
suspected fraud. So, uh the you know,
we're talking about the lowest intraday
level on record right now for the stock.
This is according to the Nikkei, though,
reports that its insurance unit was
suspected of financial fraud. Uh and
we're taking a look at when it comes to
Makino Milling, as well. So, there was
some chatter news of Korea's MBK uh
partners there of uh buying Makiko
Milling there. But, now what we're
seeing is some Japan, the government has
asked MBK to cancel that planned
acquisition, citing a national security
law. So, Makino Milling Machine down
some 8 and 1/2% or more. Uh so, yeah,
certainly a lot of idiosyncratic sort of
stories attract you here [music] this
morning. We're going to be talking a
little bit more with BofA about the
energy space here as well and how that
really is going to impact China.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. And yeah, it's interesting
though Japan is coming off some of the
initial highs of this week here [music]
just given uh maybe you know things are
being headline driven with the Iran
situation that still remains quite
uncertain as well. But yes, you are
seeing more of that tech dispersion here
across Japan. So, Japan is the
underperformer, but you do have Taiwan,
you have Korea still holding strong here
this morning. But yeah, Japan joining
the likes of Hong Kong really to the
downside. But SoftBank remains strong
here today. That was of course our
sources talking about this margin loan
that it's seeking as well. That's
lifting the stock by about close to 4%
here right now. On terms of Asian
markets or we're taking a look at this
here and the rest of the region. Uh
yeah, we're we're mostly lower, but you
know it you are starting to see some
standouts here whether it's the tech
trade and energy uh where we are seeing
the most volatility here right now
especially this morning. US futures are
still negative territory here, but most
sectors are in the red. There is a bit
of caution, but tech still remains that
decent offset here in the region. Uh
we're talking about Bank of America as
well. They've been looking at the
longer-term impact of the war in the
Middle East on energy security in the
Asia-Pacific region. It's predicting an
increasing shift to thermal and nuclear
power. Joining us now is BofA Global
Research co-head of China Equity
Research and head of APAC basic
materials, oil and gas research, Maddy
Cho. I'm sure you've been very busy.
When it comes to the conversation about
the Strait of Hormuz and this whole
reset that Asia really needs to have in
terms of energy security,
where are we right now and what
assumptions are you making? Sure.
I would say that actually these impact
from Middle East has been last longer
than previously expected.
So so far if according to the IEA data,
the oil disruption has more than 10%
you know since March of the tensions.
And we are also seeing for the Asia it's
probably the biggest impact as well.
Because like Korea, like Japan, like
Singapore, it is 100% relying on energy
imports.
And it doesn't have like the coal buffer
like what China and India does
as well. So it's probably most
vulnerable in the near term.
While on the other hand Australia even
though it's a big energy hub, but it's
90% depending on the diesel because it's
lacking of processing capacities as
well. While a lot of the Asian country
because of lacking of the the oil, so
they have been cutting exports. Like for
for example for China etc. So
Australia is also having some issues in
terms of the diesel providing as well.
So I would say that overall Asia 60% of
the oil come from the Middle East and
80% of the oil is actually relying on
import. So it's quite big impact from
here. China though
seems to be looking a bit better. I mean
just given the fact that they've hoarded
a lot of commodities over the years.
You know, in terms of stockpiles and the
like, you know, how resilient do you
think China is to these energy shocks
now? Yeah, so I would say China is
probably most resilient out of all the
Asian countries. So first of all,
China's energy dependence is only 20%
compared to the region of between 40 to
100%. And then also we have large piles
of oil, and then at also have excess
capacity of coal-fired power capacity as
well. So, even to the extreme, we
probably can turn to more coal. In terms
of the EV penetration, China is also the
highest, right? China is about 50%
penetrated compared to India and Japan,
only 2% EV penetration. So, it's also
and China has a very I would say full
chain in terms of the chemical
productions, in terms of ESS, in terms
of the battery supply chain and the
solar supply chain as well.
What about feedstock though? Things like
ethane, naphtha, I think Japan and China
are very reliant on imports. How likely
are we to actually see this feed into
maybe slower manufacturing PMI? Sure. We
actually see yes, feedstock has been
quite tight. So, we are starting to see,
for example, Japan and Korea's
utilization rate in the chemical has
been cut. So, take Korea as an example,
their utilization rate compared to like
pre-war has already dropped 14% from the
chemical plants. So, if the situation
lasts and if inventory run down further
and further, we see there is a further
closure as well or suspensions. For
China, yes, also utilization rate,
especially for the teapot, has dropped
largely between 10 to 20% on the
utilization rates.
So, China's temporary stopped export of
some of the chemical products, which
also causing like Australia's tightness
in diesel, etc. on those as well. So, if
the situation continue to last, probably
for China we can turn to more coal
chemicals.
So, which well, at least we have the
alternative. While Korea and Japan,
that's a bigger problems. I think we are
going to see utilization rate of the
chemical plants to go further down. I
mean, even if almost start to resume,
margin-wise, because of the naphtha
prices hike, a lot of the chemical
margin is also going to get squeezed.
And you mentioned we're close to
suspension. How close are we to that
point in these countries? And what is
what is the downstream impact on other
sectors that could be affected by this?
Yeah, sure. Um if you look at just
diesel, for example, Australia, 1/3 of
the diesel is used in the mining
sectors.
Um and using spot diesel prices versus
pre-war, uh we basically see the
utilized Sorry, the cost of like between
copper, lithium, iron ore uh to hike
between 8% to 18% just on a production
cost perspective. And then uh
utilization rate um it's already down
14% in Korea for the uh for the uh
refining and chemicals. We expect in
April probably we're down another 10%.
And if it doesn't resume normal uh in
May and June, we're probably we're down
a lot more as well given we're now
running down the inventories. You
mentioned ESS. That certainly is a very
hot topic when you look at a company
like CATL. China certainly has had the
sort of first-mover advantage in this
space. Do you think that they're going
to continue to dominate or do you see
other players in the region really
stepping up? Well, I think other regions
are also stepping up as well. However,
compared to China, the rate is still
slower, you can say. So, currently
according uh based on 2025 data, China
is already 55% of global ESS
installation data. And uh this year
year-to-date, China's ESS installation
is doubling again year-to-date. Well,
Europe uh is quite far us at about 50%.
Some of the other region is between 30
to 60% as well. But compared to the
China rate, so we can say that probably
China will come for 60% in the ESS uh
installation by end of this year.
So, what is the equity preferences then?
I mean, can you tell us a bit more if
you have to build a portfolio around
this whole energy security theme in the
region? How would you construct that
right now?
>> Yeah, sure. Uh so, for the near term, of
course, the implication is energy prices
will be higher for longer.
We like the names for example you have
upstream oil and gas exposure like
PetroChina or that alternative that you
can turn to it's like coal and Shenhua
Yankuang who also have coal chemical as
well. However, if you're looking at more
long-term probably the yes as value
chain. So we've been pushing lithium in
a big magnitude. Lithium prices are
hiked from 70,000 in July last year to
now 170 180,000.
And it is still very tight. Inventory of
lithium is still at historical low
level. Demand of lithium was up 50%
year-to-date because of the doubling of
ESS and also quite strong of EV as well.
And of course because of this energy
crisis we basically see electrification
more important like for example battery,
right? So like CATL for example LG Chem
in Korea as well. The the battery demand
in the near term will also be shoot up
if we cannot resolve the energy can
probably in the near term use more
batteries just to to to to help a little
bit. Power the world. Yeah and then
>> [laughter]
>> in a more longer run
I would say probably nuclear. Of course
nuclear takes time and then also power
grid as well. So all these are basically
like energy diversification,
electrification
to help to give a little bit flexibility
to the Asian countries.
I want to ask about copper as well
because we have seen these the post
ceasefire rally initially was perhaps
the growth concern alleviating but now
it's starting to be the supply
disruptions around sulfuric acid. How
tight is supply there? How how reliant
are we on supplies from the Gulf? Yeah
sure. So I would say that copper is
probably rally because of two things.
One is because of the cost inflation
I've been just talking about. But
secondly most importantly is the sulfur
assets. So we can see a China sulfur
asset prices has already more than
double compared to a year ago.
While in Africa a lot of the sulfur acid
was between four to eight times already
compared to a year ago. And then more
importantly, basically cannot get sulfur
acid in a lot of the
African countries. So, now the growing
concern on whether we're going to have
supply cut in Africa or in Australia.
And because copper, no matter we're
talking about recession or not, it's
probably just one or two percent of the
demand affects. So, if we have like a
low single digit supply cut because of
lacking or sulfur acid, that's already
very important. And like I said,
electrification is very important and
that's a big driver for demands. Maddy,
it's great to have you as always. Maddy
Chow there, co-head of China equity
research and head of APAC basic
materials oil and gas research at BOV
BOV A global research. It's it's going
to be a perfect segue to kind of your
conversation that you had just a few
days ago
with Li Zhen, right? This is the
chairman and founder of the Chinese
battery maker Gotion High-Tech. And he
had some pretty big ambitions here on
really where he sees overseas growth
this year. Yeah, that's right. And he
spoke exclusively with me earlier on
expanding production in the US and the
impact on the war of the war in Iran.
Actually, yes. There are some delays.
For example, our exports used to be able
to be shipped across the Mediterranean
Sea. But now we have to go around the
Cape of Good Hope, which definitely adds
about half a month to the transportation
time.
Wars certainly have some negative
impacts on our industrial development.
We hope to end the war as soon as
possible and restore peace. We also hope
that the development of our new energy
industry will gradually reduce or even
eliminate the era of fighting for oil in
the future. So, are you actively seeking
to expand production in the US right
now? Yes. The IRA has come up with a
compliance deadline by 2027
for battery components to be free of
foreign entity of concern. Are your
plants in the US at risk of
non-compliance?
This is an excellent question. Indeed,
with the enactment of this legislation
and other laws in the US, the
requirements for domestic production in
the US are becoming increasingly
stringent. This is understandable. A
country simply wants to build its
domestic supply chain system to ensure
the orderly development of the industry
and support the overall development of
its economy. I think this is perfectly
understandable. Now that we have
established battery manufacturing
companies, meeting this demand 100% is
still very challenging. For example,
there are some materials that the US
cannot yet manufacture, and we still
need the guarantee of the global supply
chain. There may be some increased costs
in terms of taxation, but I believe that
in the future, with the development of
the entire industry, the construction of
the supply chain system, the continuous
expansion of market demand, government
policy support, and considerable
efforts, these problems will be
gradually resolved. What is your
projection for domestic and overseas
demand growth for Gotion this year? Our
growth rate will be 70% higher than last
year. Overseas growth is expected to
double.
Yeah, he has a pretty bullish forecast
for growth this year despite the
weakness in domestic demand in China,
but also I think he's quite a visionary
guy. He was talking about how in the
future everything is going to be
electrified, especially with the AI, you
know, the the the the investment going
to AI in the future, all our robotics,
all the devices that will be just part
and parcel of our everyday lives. He
sees very strong growth for not just the
EV batteries, right, but the energy
storage solution, which now is just a
small portion of the revenue now. Um the
bulk of the revenue, I think 80% is
coming from EV batteries, but he says
like maybe in 2028, he sees energy
storage really coming on par, possibly
taking a half-half split when it comes
to revenue in the future.
>> Yeah, similar to what Fan Ma Li was
saying about ESS. Um, he he's quite
candid, I feel, about giving projections
and his overall kind of vision for
things. He had some pretty interesting
comments about anti-involution. What
does he think prices are going to go
moving forward? Yeah, he uh I was quite
surprised actually when he told me he
expects prices to halve, I think, in the
next few years. And we did see, right,
last year, for example, battery prices
were at a record low, it started to
rebound this year, and then we had uh
the government uh regulators started to
summon some of these battery makers,
warning them against anti-involution.
But, whether or not it's going to be
effective, you have a listen to what he
thinks of the government action so far.
This survival of the fittest principle
is a fundamental rule of the market
economy. It means that some companies
will inevitably be eliminated in the
process. This is determined by two
factors: technological advancement and
continuous cost optimization. The
continuous optimization of product costs
is exponentially driven. I believe that
in the next 5 or 10 years, or even
longer, battery prices will decrease by
more than 50%. Only in this way can more
market demand be met.
Involution and overall cost optimization
are not contradictory. Of course, some
companies, such as those relying solely
on traditional technologies or copying
methods, can manufacture goods at
relatively low costs and compete in the
market. These companies should be
eliminated. I believe this is
inevitable. The government aims to
support the continuous development and
progress of leading companies and to
support the standardized development of
the industry. This is my perspective and
understanding of the issue. Therefore,
while we support anti-involution, we
must also eliminate inferior companies
according to market rules, allowing the
fittest to survive.
So, he seems to be pretty confident that
they they will be able to beat the
competition out there.
And he did talk about as well his
expectation that maybe they will be able
to see 50% growth domestically. And
remember, this is against this context
where first quarter sales of EV see a a
saw a a slowdown, right? Particularly
with government rolling back some of
these incentives as well. And yet,
they're still seeing pretty strong
growth. And they're really banking very
hard on the next generation of
technology. You talk about CATL and the
fast charging batteries there. Guoxuan
is investing heavily on solid and
semi-solid semi-solid state batteries,
which for now is still very expensive.
It's not mass-produced commercially yet,
but they think that that is the path to
go in the future.
>> Yeah, I think CATL has been talking
about that, too, but didn't really give
too many details on that when it came to
the solid-state ones. But certainly a
great conversation, very timely one that
May Min brought us there when it comes
to Guoxuan and battery prices and the
like moving forward. We're we're taking
a look at Asian markets as we get into
that lunch break or break, I should say.
And we are seeing when it comes to the
benchmarks in greater China, we're
mostly lower here. There you go. All
benchmarks seem to be in the red here
right now with Hang Seng leading the
charge. We're down about 1% and each is
tech now well below that 5,000 level.
We're down about 1.9% here. Shanghai as
well and now reversing the initial sort
of gains that we saw at the get-go here.
Shenzhen is also [music] falling here
this morning. The rest of the region,
Southeast Asia, is looking like this,
pretty mixed so far. We'll talk you
through what's going on in the
Philippines. [music] Here, we're flat at
the PSE though, but we do have that BSP
decision coming up later on this
afternoon. An even [music] split across
the the street there on what they could
do, to hold or to hike. We'll have a
preview coming up. [music] This is
Bloomberg.
All right, BSP. That's the next one to
watch in terms of the [music] central
bank action here today due to announce
its next policy move in just a few
hours. And look at this chart, right?
Mid-minutes looking like it's going to
be a tough call.
Yes, it is.
Uh and yeah, I mean we were looking at
the peso uh potentially really expected
to weaken. You have growth expectations
as well. 30 economists in a Bloomberg
survey are evenly split on this decision
with half expecting the target reverse
repurchase rate rate to stay above to
stay at 4.25%.
The other half forecast a rate hike by
25 basis points. Let's get more from
Bloomberg's Manila bureau chief, Manolo
Serapio. Uh Manolo, just give us a
preview of what do you Give us a preview
of where you think, you know, this could
go. It looks like it's a a coin toss at
the moment.
Indeed. Um it's it's a tough call for
for the central bank um this afternoon
because um as as you said, 30 economists
are evenly split on whether the um
central bank will hike or will um keep
uh the rate as is. So, there is a
pressure to uh tighten um uh given the
um price pressures from the uh surge in
fuel price because of the Iran war. But,
at the same time, there is also the um
the option to to put uh to keep um
things as is or keep the rate as is
because of the fragile economy. We've
seen the economy in the fourth quarter
uh grow at its slowest pace in 14 years
outside of the pandemic at 3%. So, what
was once one of the fastest growing in
the region is now one of the slowest.
And uh obviously um the the the fallout
from the Iran war that we're seeing uh
in terms of high fuel prices which is
spilling over to the consumer goods.
Um
the the chances of the economy bouncing
off that fourth quarter
weakness
might be
um
might be dim at this point especially
that we're we're we're done with the the
first quarter.
Yeah, and I mean what where does it
leave the currency, right? Because I'm
wondering how big of a factor that's
going to be in this meeting just given
we we did reach that record low just a
few weeks ago. We come off that since
you know, we've seen a ceasefire in Iran
and the like, but what what would people
say now where this currency is going to
go moving forward?
So, the the head of the FX traders group
here is saying that he sees the currency
hitting a record low of 61.
Um his bank um
uh
is actually seeing it
um ending the year at 6130. We've seen
the peso hit a record low of 6048.
That's uh 684, sorry, on March 30th.
That's about a month since Iran war
broke out. Obviously, uh the peso is was
one of the weakest in Asia prior even
prior to the um
the the Iran war
uh beginning, but but um it it got
pulled into this aversion for for risk
assets. Um
Uh so so it it fell further from from
there.
Um
I'm not sure how much of um
a factor
uh the the currency will be in the
uh Central Bank's decision today. I
think um
if if if ever um
uh that there will be three three
factors that they will be looking at
because there is the
uh inflation that hit a 20-month high in
um
in uh um
March because of the
uh pressure from a fuel prices. There is
economy that's slowing. And on the on
the third front you have the peso that's
also weakening although
um
that's the traders are also saying that
uh any weakness in the in the in the
peso might be curbed by possible central
bank intervention because the central
bank has has said has flagged that it's
you know it's it's keen on um curbing
those large swings.
All right Manolo thank you. Manolo
Serapio there our Manila bureau chief on
what to expect from the BSP moving
forward and coming up we're going to
have the president of the Thai stock
exchange joining [music] Haslinda on
Insight later on. Asaday Konsiri is
going to be joining us and talking his
outlook for the market in the face of
global disruption
>> [music]
>> from the Iran war. This is Bloomberg.
>> All right we are checking [music] of
course the tech space once again and
we're watching earnings that certainly
is one thing that's keeping us support
here on this rally. ASMPT of course
listed in Hong [music] Kong this is a
chip maker. Uh we are seeing that those
shares jump to a record. We're up 4%
right now we're a 10th straight day of
gains uh for this company and really
Morgan Stanley the recent one to raise
that stock price target by about 27%
right? 188 is where they see this stock
going here so they still maintain that
overrate uh rating here right now. Uh we
take a look at what else is is they're
looking at. Uh they're saying second
quarter 2026 bookings to remain elevated
according to that team so they're
confident when it comes to the revenue
growth growth of ASMPT. So earnings are
still looking pretty strong especially
in the tech side of things in Asia
Pacific and that's really kind of been a
good pillar uh for some of the
benchmarks but look at that. We are
actually seeing some momentum fade in
the last few minutes or so. The Kospi
which was all guns blazing so was
Taiwan. You know Kospi has come off now
We're only up about 4/10 of 1%. Taipei
has actually turned into negative
territory in the last hour or so. Um so,
there you go. Even the standouts that
we've seen in the North Asia benchmarks
here are also fading now. Just rally. Uh
given just the uncertainty still when it
comes to Iran, the like oil is still
above 100 bucks. So, that certainly is
still uh that concern here that we're
seeing. [music] But, yeah, the currency
in China also around that 683 level.
We're off the four-year highs for the
CSI 300. That's it for us here on the
China show.